before the first ATP World Tour Masters
1000 event of the year in Indian Wells
the US plays host to to endure hardcore
tournaments in san jose and memphis the
essay p open in san jose is the second
oldest men's event in america and down
the years has hosted a number of the
world's best last year former SI p Open
champion Pete Sampras returned to play
an exhibition match against Gael Monfils
to the delight of the Californian crowd
Pistol Pete now is just how special this
tournament is poised and George San Jose
was an easy trip from LA really good
court not too fast not too slow pretty
small draw was a nice stadium that the
city was nice it was just an easy event
you know always seemed like I played
pretty well I had some good match
against Andre there in the past and just
really one of those events that i look
forward to former finalist Jim Courier
is another American legend who has
special memories of playing at san jose
the essay p open was a pivotal point in
my career I came into that tournament
needing to reach the final to attain the
number one ranking for the first time so
it was a huge carrot at the end but it
was also a lot of pressure and I
struggled early in the tournament I
played I think I think three or four
three-set matches in route to the final
Derrick Rose Daniel was the semi final
opponent a very dangerous player
particularly on a quick indoor surface
and I talked him out in three sets down
to my knees it was a really special
moment
last year 2010 champion Spain's Fernando
Verdasco faced Canadian youngstarr me
lost rionach in a hard-fought final
after the first set went to Rihanna Shan
the tiebreak the second set also went
the distance
the pivotal moments coming in this 21
shot rally that ended with an unforced
error giving the Canadian a crucial mini
break Verdasco could only look on in
disbelief as trionic took advantage he
got the line call and served out the
match to claim his first-ever ATP World
Tour title underlining that the Canadian
would certainly be one to watch it's my
first week on the ATP Tour where I don't
lose that week and to be able to to do
it in a hockey arena as well it's pretty
amazing and it's these kind of moments
that you look back up and they mean a
lot to you and you never forget that
first title and hopefully those many
more Memphis Tennessee is the next stop
on the US indoor swing it's a city
steeped in culture at history with the
region's Morgan Keegan championships
taking place at the Racquet Club of
Memphis it's a tournament former world
number one Jim Courier remembers fondly
one of the first ATP events that I
really got to experience it was early in
the season when I turned pro and it was
a very comfortable tournament I like
that tournament because it's played at a
club I liked the ambience there I played
well at that turn of a few times and
lifted the trophy and and I really felt
like I belonged to the tour when I was
there it wasn't as overwhelming in some
respects to some other tournaments which
was nice and it was in the south where
I'm from so there was a lot of good
vibrations for me in Memphis it's no
surprise Korea's compatriot Andy Roddick
has also enjoyed success at the Racquet
Club down the years with wins in 2002
and 2009 last year he once again
appeared in the final this time against
rionach fresh from that big win in San
Jose with Roddick taking the first set
round it's leveled winning an epic
second set tiebreak but Roddick was able
to find another gear at at match point
on his opponent's serve produce
something outrageous
even he couldn't believe it another ATP
World Tour title in Memphis for the
American his 30th career trophy let's
hope for more of the same quality on the
US indoor swing begins next week
next week on ATP world tour uncovered
presented by Rio with a special report
from the ABN amro world tennis
tournament in Rotterdam and we go behind
the scenes and bring you all the action
from the SI p open as the US indoor
swing kicks off in San Jose don't forget
to log on to ATP world tour com for your
twenty-four-seven breaking news and talk
with us on Facebook and Twitter see you
next week
you